# TS2068-CARTRIDGE-READER-2012-Version-2
TS2068-CARTRIDGE-READER-2012-Version-2  is intended to allow a Timex Sinclair TS2068 (TS-2068) TCC (Timex Command Cartridge) to be plugged into an EPROM Socket allowing the contents to be read (such as by an EPROM Programmer). This first version was developed June 15, 2012 at 4:54 A.M. C.S.T. - This version adds some "blinkenlights" (L.E.D.s)

There is an OSHPARK Page Here: https://oshpark.com/shared_projects/6VTXYuKS

This design should be thoroughly scrutinized and verified prior to actual use of any kind. DISCLAIMER: The following article is provided for informational purposes only. Any attempt to modify your computer without the proper skills to do so may void your computer. Any attempt to modify your computer without unplugging it first may void you. This Information is provided "as-is" with no guarantee of fitness for any purpose, either explicit or implied. We disclaim any and all responsibility for losses incurred through the use of this information. By using this information, you are deemed to have accepted these conditions of use, and you agree NOT to sue us. CLARIFICATION: The above disclaimer states as plainly as possible that if you decide to make use of any of the information contained within this document that you do so at your own risk. Designing hardware for the CoCo (ColorComputer) and other vintage hardware is a hobby of ours and is not motivated by any desire of profits. As this is a not for profit venture, obviously we can't afford not to disclaim the use of this information.

PLEASE NOTE: THIS VERSION HAS NOT YET BEEN TESTED.
